Well, we're still in this series of kingdom powers, glory to God.
We've been discovering what empowers the kingdom of darkness and what empowers the kingdom of light.
And you know, you can operate in each one of these powers, amen?
We don't want to, but sometimes we have pride working in our life.
Is that right?
And we gotta be very careful with pride, amen?
But you know, that's the kingdom power of darkness,
humility is the kingdom power of light.
So we want to be humble.
Look at your neighbor say, stay humble.
Amen.
And then we talked about greed versus generosity.
And sometimes we can be selfish.
Has anybody ever been selfish out here?
But I'm going to encourage you to be generous.
And I'm looking at generous people today.
Amen.
Somebody say, I'm a giver.
So you are givers.
Amen.
That's the heart of God for God.
So love the world that he gave.
And so if God is living on the inside of you, you are a giver, but sometimes a flesh wants to hold on, but God wants us to let go in more ways than one.
Somebody say, let go.
Amen.
And then we discovered fear versus faith.
And we know the devil is trying to work
in our lives in fear, amen?
And we can overcome that by walking in faith towards God, amen?
And then we talked about sickness last week versus healing, and we found out that God's healing power is greater than the power of the devil to make us sick.
Is that right?
Somebody say God's greater.
God is greater, amen?
And so today I'm gonna talk about stress versus rest.
Amen.
Has anybody ever been stressed out out here?
We live in a hectic, fearful world.
Have you noticed we're not in heaven yet?
Amen.
And I know we all wanna get to heaven, glory to God, because that's where we're not gonna have any problems.
But have you noticed that there's problems down here on earth
Have you noticed that there are issues in earth, amen?
And you know, Jesus talks about that.
You know, we're going towards the end of days.
Do you believe that today?
We're like at the end of days.
That means that Jesus is about ready to come back.
And you know, the Bible says that in the end days, it's not going to get better.
It actually is going to get worse.
It's going to get worse in the world.
But in the church, it's going to get better.
In our kingdom, it's getting better.
But in the dark world system, it's getting worse.
Is that right?
And so Jesus was talking about the end of days in the book of Matthew and Luke.
We're going to look at this this morning.
And let's look at this.
And he's talking about the end of days.
And so in Luke 21, seven, it says, so they asked him saying his disciples, teacher, but when will these things be and what sign will there be when these things are about to take place?
And so Jesus was talking about the beautiful building that was there that's gonna be rubble and not too far down the future.
And that's what the devil's all about.
He's out to steal, kill,
and to destroy.
But Jesus is about giving us life and life more abundantly.
Amen?
And then in Luke 21, then He said to them, verse 10, a nation will rise against nation.
Check that box.
Amen.
Kingdom against kingdom.
Yep, check that box.
In other words, it's happening.
It's happening right now.
There will be great earthquakes in various places.
Check that box, famines and pestilence.
and there will be fearful sights and great signs from heaven.
I thought I would encourage you this morning.
Amen.
So, amen.
I thought I would encourage you this morning.
Amen.
You're like, okay, we're in for it.
And then in Luke 21, 25, 26, it says, and there will be signs in the sun, in the moon, and the stars, and the earth, the stress, and nations with perplexes, the seas, and the waves roaring.
Then that's when you get your surfboard out, amen?
Glory to God.
When the sea surfers do I have in the house today, amen?
None.
Nobody's raising their hand.
And verse 26, now this is where I want to focus on here.
He says here, men's heart failing them from fear and the expectation of those things which are coming on the earth for the powers of heaven will be shaking.
or shaken.
So in other words, everything's going to be shook up.
I'm all shook up.
Amen.
And so everything's going to be shaken but you.
Amen?
Because you're standing on the rock of God's revealed word.
The world will be shaken but you will not be shaken.
Do you believe that today?
And so these are people and then Jesus in Luke 21 9
He says, but when you hear of wars and commotions, he says, do not be terrified.
For these things must come to pass first, but the end will come immediately.
So Jesus saying, you know, these are just things that's going to happen because in the world, it's going to get bad and it's going to get worse.
But in your kingdom, it's getting better.
Somebody say it's getting better.
So I'm gonna say this that God wants to give us rest in the test, amen of life.
Somebody say this, rest in the test and be blessed.
I came up with that last night, rest in the test and you will be blessed.
In other words, what is the test that the enemy is putting you through?
The enemy's putting us through tests, and that test is to get us out of rest.
It's to get us worried.
It's to get us shaking.
Don't ever let them see you sweat.
Don't let the devils see you sweat, amen?
And so we need to understand this, that we need to learn to rest in the tests of life, and we will be blessed.
And Luke 21, 28 says that when these things begin to happen, look up.
And he says, lift up your heads because your redemption draws nigh.
What do you need to do to stay in the rest?
You need to keep looking up.
You need to keep looking up to Jesus.
You need to keep your focus on heavenly things and not worldly things, glory to God.
Can I get a witness in the house?
So this expression about lifting up your heads is a positive response in looking up with anticipation that Jesus is coming back to rescue us.
Somebody say, Jesus is coming back.
And I'm getting excited about that.
Somebody say, I'm ready.
You better be ready and stay ready.
Amen.
That's how we stay focused on him.
That's how we stay in the rest.
Amen, and we want to stay in the rest.
So lift up your heads.
It is this expectation that Jesus is coming back.
I like what it says in Psalms 24 seven, about lifting up your heads.
It says here in Psalms 24 verse seven, lift up your heads, all ye gates, and be lifted up you everlasting doors.
And the King of glory shall come in.
Who is that King of glory?
The Lord, strong and mighty.
The Lord.
mighty in battle.
So you got a warrior living on the inside of you.
And I'm going to say this, you're strong and you're mighty because the mighty one is living on the inside of each one of you.
Do you believe that today?
Then he goes on and says in verse 9, lift up your heads, all you gates will be lifted up, everlasting doors, and the King of glory shall come in.
Who is that King of glory?
The Lord of hosts.
He is
that king of glory, Selah.
In other words, think about that.
So somebody say, I got the greater one.
Giving me rest in the stress.
Amen?
So the devil wants people to be stressed out about bad circumstances that are happening in our nation.
Have you noticed that we have a government shutdown?
Has that been stressing anybody out lately?
Some people that are working for the government are not getting paid, and they still gotta go into work.
Some of these special food programs called SNAP is not paying, but thank God our governor is paying the bill this month for helping people with that SNAP program.
And I'm gonna say this, if you fear God, you'll never go hungry.
If you fear God, God will take care of you.
I'm gonna say this, God's heavenly government will never shut down.
I'm going to say it again, God's heavenly government will never shut down.
Do you believe that today?
In other words, the provision and the blessing keeps flowing down from heaven to us.
And God's not going to shut down the provision.
The government might, but God will not.
Amen.
Do you believe that today?
Somebody say I'm taking care of.
And thank God I noticed that some of the bank accounts, some of the banks like Navy Federal Credit Union and USA are giving free interest loans.
Amen, to help the people that are working for the government that's not getting paid.
And so I love this.
So Jesus is talking to his disciples that even Jesus' disciples dealt with stress.
You know, the early church dealt with stress.
You know, it was pretty tough in the early days.
people were getting martyred and it was pretty bad.
We really have it easy.
We get somebody that doesn't like us on Facebook and we get upset.
Amen.
We call that persecution.
Somebody defriends us.
Amen.
That's not too much persecution.
So Jesus' disciples were a little stressed out because Jesus was talking to them and saying that I'm going to the cross.
He kept saying I'm going to the cross.
I'm gonna, I'm, you're gonna be here down here and I'm going back to heaven to have some R&R rest and relaxation, amen?
And so, and so his disciples were a little concerned about that and he knew that they were dealing with stress and he said in John 14, he said in verse one, let not your heart be troubled.
You believe in God, believe also in me in my father's house are many mansions.
If it were not so, I would have told you and I go to prepare a place for you.
If I go to prepare a place for you, I'll come again and receive you to myself.
That where I am, there you may be also.
These are powerful scriptures here.
And this is saying that Jesus is coming back and he's going to bring us to heaven, amen?
So in other words, what Jesus is saying when you're dealing with stress,
He's saying when you're dealing with stress, you're dealing with doubt.
So when you doubt, I'm gonna say this, zoom out.
When you doubt, zoom out.
What do I mean by that?
Look at the bigger picture.
What is the bigger picture?
We're heaven bound.
What's the bigger picture?
In other words, in other words, your present situation, your present situation is not your final destination.
I'm gonna say it again.
Your present situation is not your final destination.
That's a good quote there because it's not where you're at today.
It's where you go.
Where are you going?
It's not where it looks like right now, but where are we going?
We're going to abundance.
We're going to the promised land.
We're going to the land flowing with milk and honey.
We're moving to the next level.
Say I'm moving to the next level.
So the first thing Jesus says to his disciples that were stressed out, amen.
He was saying, first he was telling them, let not your hearts be troubled.
This is powerful because if Jesus gives us a command and he tells us not to do something, we in that power of the word that gives us the power not to do that.
In other words, we don't have to be stressed out.
Amen.
And so I love this because the power of the Holy Spirit will keep us in peace in the tribulations of life.
In John 14, 27, it says, peace I leave with you, my peace I give to you, not as the world gives do I give to you, let not your heart, again, he says again, let not your heart be troubled, neither let it
be afraid.
You cannot control people.
Amen.
You can pray for people.
But don't worry about people.
Give them to God.
Sometimes we are concerned about people, but you can't live their lives for them.
When you stand there, you're not going to be standing in the judgment seat of Christ for them.
They're going to have to stand on their own two feet.
Amen.
So you can't, sometimes we get upset because people we love aren't doing the right things.
Are you, have you been there?
But you know what we can, all we can do is pray for them and believe that God's moving on their lives because at one time you were doing some wrong things and look where you're at now.
Somebody look at me, somebody stop me.
Amen.
And now you're moving forward in God.
Some of you were, was, you know, a piece of work at one time.
Now you're a masterpiece in progress.
Do you believe that today?
Amen.
In other words, some of you had problems and issues.
Even Jesus was almost exasperated in trying to get you to the next level.
Amen.
But you're at that next level.
Say I'm at the next level.
So Jesus gives us the power
not to stress in this present evil world.
Number two, Jesus says, believe in God, believe in Him.
In other words, believe in God, believe in Jesus.
In other words, trust God.
Somebody say, I'm trusting you God.
So if you're gonna walk stress free, you must trust God in the middle of ugly circumstances in your life.
Does circumstances get ugly every once in a while?
They get ugly every once in a while.
But you can be stress free in the ugly circumstances of life, amen?
And in Psalms 31, it says here Psalms 37 verse one, do not fret because of evil doers.
Do not be envious of workers of iniquity.
In other words, don't get upset with all the evil things that are happening in this world.
Evil people are just going to keep doing evil things until we pray for them, until they repent, or until God takes care of them and judge them.
Amen?
But we pray for them.
We don't get upset for the evil that's going on in this world, amen?
And then in Psalm 37, he says, trust in the Lord and do good.
Dwell on the land and feed on his faithfulness.
So we got to trust the Lord and in us trusting God that should compel us to do good.
Amen.
Because when we don't trust God and we're trying to rely on ourselves, we can try to do things in our own power and in our own strength, but you need to do it in God's strength.
And these as dwell the land and feed on his faithfulness.
God is faithful no matter how hard it's getting in your life.
God is faithful no matter how bad and bleak it looks.
God is faithful.
In other words, he always comes through.
He's never early.
It seems like he's never early.
I wish he was.
God, I wish God was a little earlier.
early, but he's never late.
He's an on time God, like the pastor.
Just come right on time.
Amen.
Glory to God.
And so, and then he says here in Psalms 3, is that if I commit your way to the Lord, trust also in him and he shall bring it to pass.
Are you committing your ways to God every day?
Are you saying, are you praying God?
Order my steps.
God, direct me, lead me, guide me, show me what I need to do.
On a day to day basis, help me to walk with you, amen.
And these is for a little while, the wicked shall be no more.
Indeed, you'll look carefully for his place, but it shall be no more, amen?
But in verse 11, but the meek shall inherit the earth and shall delight themselves in abundance of
peace, New King James Version.
Amen.
So the meat shall inherit the earth.
In other words, meatness is humility.
It's the humble that will walk in the peace of God because we humble ourselves under the mighty hand of God.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
And then Jesus, in the third point, Jesus said to his disciples and he's saying to us,
He has a place and a destination for each one of us.
We're just passing through this life.
We're just a vapor.
We're here today and we're in heaven tomorrow.
Is that right?
This life is just a short stint compared to eternity.
Eternity is like this, you know, and our life is like this.
And we're preparing for eternity.
Say I'm preparing for eternity.
Amen.
So God has a destination, a place and a destination for us.
In 2 Corinthians 4, 18, it says, why we do not look at the things which are seen.
In other words, we walk by faith and not by sight.
Why we do not look at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen.
For the things which are seen are temporary.
but the things which are not seen are eternal.
So what he's saying is that if you're gonna walk stress free, focus on the eternal things of life.
Rest comes from us focusing on heavenly things and not worldly things.
Can I get a bit, oh, what, it's in the house today.
So rest comes from us looking at eternal things through the eyes of faith.
And in Colossians three, one and four, it says, if then you've been raised with Christ, seek those things which are above.
We need to be seeking those things that are above what Christ is sitting at the right hand of God.
Set your mind on things above.
In other words, you might need to turn the news off.
Amen.
And open the Bible, the good news because the news can stress you out.
Some people are addicted to news.
They watch news 24 hours a day.
They got CNN or Fox News on playing all day long.
Be careful with that.
I think you need to have your Bible playing all day long.
Set your mind on things above and not things on the earth.
For you died and your life is hidden with Christ and God.
When Christ is our life appears, then you will also appear with Him in glory.
That's another.
That's another rapture scripture, Lord of God.
And then Jesus said that he's coming back to take us to heaven and to our heavenly abode.
And if we're gonna walk stress-free life, we must focus that Jesus is coming back to save us.
In the early church, they had a lot of stress going on.
People were getting martyred, people were with me and thrown in prison for their faith.
It was not an easy time in the early church, but they came up with a quote when they greeted one another and they would say, Marinatha.
They would look at Marinatha.
What does that mean?
That means Lord, come quickly.
That means they were focusing on Jesus coming back to save them.
They were believing that Jesus was going to come back in their lifetime.
Well, guess what?
I believe he's coming back in our lifetime.
You got to believe that today and you got to be ready.
looking for the promise.
In 2 Corinthians 15, 51 to 54, it says, behold, I tell you a mystery.
We shall not all sleep, but we shall be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, in a twinkling of an eye, in the last trumpet, for the trumpet will sound, and the dead will be raised incorruptible.
And we shall be changed, for this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality,
So when the corruptable has put on incorruption and the mortal has put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, death is swallowed up in victory.
I got through it.
Amen.
Death is swallowed up in victory.
Oh, death, where is thy staying?
Oh, Hades, where is thy victory?
What Paul was saying was,
that this life that we're in right now is a temporary fix.
Your body that you're living in right now is temporary, and it's gonna be changed in a twinkling of life.
You're gonna have glorified bodies.
You're not gonna have any more problems.
You're not gonna have any more devils cast out, glory to God.
You're gonna be in charge and enlarged.
Do you believe that today?
you're gonna be mighty people in God.
And then he says here that the sting of death is sin and the strength of sin is law, but thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.
It doesn't matter what you're going through right now.
Jesus is always giving you the victory in Christ Jesus.
We're headed somewhere this morning.
We're headed to heavenly places.
We're headed to God's throne room.
Praise God.
We're headed somewhere, amen?
And then he says, therefore my beloved brethren, be steadfast and movable.
Always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labor is not in vain in the Lord.
So if you're gonna walk in the rest of the Lord, you must be steadfast.
You must be immovable.
You must always be abounding in the work of the Lord.
Amen.
So to walk in rest and not stress, a couple more points, you must learn to pray and give it to God.
In other words, I'm going to encourage you, stop praying the problems of life and start confessing the promises of life.
What happens is we pray the problem too much and that's all we have is stress-filled prayers.
But when you start praying the promise, you have exciting prayers, a belief that God is working on the promise.
Quit saying God is not working.
Stop saying God, I'm not seeing anything happening.
No, it's working.
God is working it.
He's working all things out for good that those that love Him and called according to His purposes.
So you gotta start praying the promises of God.
Stop rehearsing the curse and rehearse the blessing.
In Philippians 4, 6, and 7, this is be anxious for nothing but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, lecture requests, we may know to God.
And the peace of God trespasses all understanding
We're guard your heart and your minds through Christ Jesus."
So he's saying, have no anxiety about anything.
In other words, don't stress rest.
If number two, if we're going to walk in the rest and not stress, we must follow God and ready for this and obey God.
Oh, Pastor, did you have to go there this morning?
I thought I could just hear the word and not do the word, amen?
No, no, you have to be in Isaiah, he says, be willing and obedient.
You shall eat the good of the land.
Isaiah 119.
So he's saying we gotta be willing and obedient in following God.
And James 122 says, but be doer to the word, not hearers only deceiving yourselves.
But in verse 25, but he looks at the perfect law of liberty, James 125.
and continues in it and is not a forgetful here, but a doer of the word.
This one is blessed in what he does.
So we gotta be doers of the word, glory to God.
What does that look like?
It'd be in doer of the word.
Number one, if you're gonna follow God, you must receive Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
If that's for all those that might be watching online for the first time.
Amen.
If you're gonna obey God,
You gotta receive Jesus as your Lord and Savior, Revelation 320.
Behold, I stand at the door and knock.
If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and dine with him and he with me.
In other words, Jesus wants to be a part of your life.
Number two, if you're gonna obey God, you gotta be, once you receive Jesus, be obedient to getting water baptized.
Glory to God.
In Acts 2, 38, Peter said to them, repent, let every one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins.
And you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.
If you're gonna obey God, this is another good one, you must learn to encourage people in church and come to church.
Now I know you're in church today, but there's many people that are believers in Jesus Christ
that do not have a church home.
And so I want to encourage people that are listening and watching, get into a good church home, glory to God.
It says here in Hebrews 10, 24, 25, let us consider one another in order to stir our love in good works for not forsaken the simply of ourselves together as the manner is some by exhorting one another so much as more to see the day is approaching.
Okay, what is he saying there?
Well, let's amplify it.
And the Amplify says, let us consider thoughtfully how we may encourage one another to love and do good deeds, not forsaken our meeting together as believers for worship and instruction as the habit of some by encouraging one another and all the more faithfully as you see the day of Christ's return approaching.
So what he's saying is that God is calling us to be obedient to love the body of Christ
and to come to church.
Hey, thank you for those two.
Amen.
I'm preaching to the choir today, but you are coming to church.
You say that pastor, that's not for me.
Yeah, that's for all that's listening right now.
That's not in church.
I want to encourage if you're listening and you're here locally, come to see life church.
It's much more is better, glory to God.
And so, and so I love this because there's a promise
to come into church.
There's a couple of promises.
One of them is in Psalms 92, 13 and 14.
It says, those who are planted in the house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of our God.
They shall still bear fruit in old age.
How many people are getting older these days?
And they shall be fresh and flourishing.
That's a good promise.
That's one promise.
I think the next promise, if you're in church and you're really sold out to God,
I believe that what the Bible talks about, the 10 virgins, five kept their oil filled, and five did not keep their oil filled.
And when Jesus came back, only five made it in.
So I believe this, that you're keeping your oil filled when you come to church, glory to God, so that you will be ready for Jesus' return.
And if you're out there just kind of living your life, picking and choosing how you want to serve God,
And you just want to serve God this way where God is saying, no, you need to serve me this way, then you're picking and choosing how you want to serve Him.
And is God serving you?
Are you serving God or is God serving you?
And we need to reverse that.
We need to start serving God, amen?
Amen.
If we're going to rest and not stress, we must forgive others of their faults.
Amen?
This is a good,
This is good because the Bible says whenever we stand praying in Mark 11, 25, if you have anything against anyone, forgive him.
That means if there's anything you have against anybody, forgive him.
Whatever they did, let them go because forgiveness is not just for them, it's for you.
It releases the captive and that captive is you.
if you're in unforgiveness.
Amen?
That's the captive that needs to be released, you.
Because you're the one that's holding the grudge and it's hurting your faith and keeping you stressed out every time you think about them or the circumstance they put you through.
Is that right?
You're like, oh man, I remember what they did to me.
That's not, that's not rest.
That's stress.
Now, I know you guys don't do that, but on the inside you're doing it.
I've never talked to them again, you know.
Amen.
Are you hearing what I'm saying to you today?
And so we gotta forgive, amen.
And then Jesus said, Father, when he was on the cross, forgive them for they know not what they do.
These people don't understand that they're gonna reap what they sow if they don't repent.
It will always come back around.
Amen.
So I like this.
So this is another way.
If you're going to walk and rest and not stress, you also, you can't be too hard on yourselves.
Do I have any perfectionists out here?
Anybody that's trying to be perfect, glory to God.
Well, I'm going to give you a clue today.
You can't be perfect.
But I think we should try to be perfect.
But sometimes when we make mistakes, we beat ourselves up.
Amen?
and we beat ourselves up and we get angry at ourselves and we don't give ourselves much grace.
Have you ever got angry with yourself?
Amen.
And you're like, man, I shouldn't have done that.
I shouldn't have said that.
And then what you're doing is you're condemning yourself.
Amen.
In Romans eight one, it says, therefore there is no condemnation to those that are in Christ Jesus
who do not walk according to the flesh, but according to the spirit.
There's no condemnation.
Amen.
So stop condemning yourself.
In other words, give yourself some grace because if you're hard on yourself, I guarantee you you'll be hard on others.
I would say that again.
If you're hard on yourself and you don't give yourself much lead way, you're definitely not giving anybody else any lead way.
Is that true?
So if you say, okay, I made a mistake.
I'm going to let go and let God.
I'm going to confess first John one night.
I'm going to confess my sins and he's faithful and righteous to forgive me of all unrighteousness and cleans me from all unrighteousness.
Amen.
And so, and so you got to forgive yourself.
In other words, you can't love your neighbor unless you love yourself.
A healthy love for yourself.
Can I get a win?
There are some people that hate themselves.
There are some people that don't even want to look in a mirror wide because it's how they live their lives.
But if you start living your life righteously upright, you're going to respect yourself.
And you're going to have a healthy love for yourself and you're going to be able to look in the mirror.
Amen?
Glory to God.
So I'm going to close this message with the signature scripture and walking in rest.
In Matthew 11, 28, 30, it says, come to me all who labor
and heavy laden and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you and learn from me for I am gentle and lowly in heart and you'll find rest for your souls.
For my yoke is easy and my burden is light.
So this is the rest scripture.
This is saying, get Jesus in your life.
Get water baptized.
coming to church, glory to God.
Start serving and loving other people, glory to God.
Be all that God has called you to be, because you have a destiny, and you have a destination, and we're gonna meet our destiny, we're gonna meet our destination, we're gonna be all that God called us to be, glory to God, and we're gonna rest in a test, and when we rest in a test, we will be blessed.
Did you receive it this morning?
Let's bow our heads in prayer.
Father, I love you this morning.
I thank you that you're moving by your spirit.
I thank you for those listening and watching.
Perhaps you've never made a decision for Jesus.
I'm telling you, the Bible says a sinner's life is full of stress, but a believer's life is full of rest.
And if you're ready to receive Jesus today,
and receive that peace that you've been looking for.
Just say this prayer after me and meeting your heart.
Say, Dear God, I believe Jesus died on the cross from my sins.
I believe Jesus was raised from the dead to save me.
Jesus, I receive you as my Lord and Savior.
Thank you for saving me.
And Heavenly Father, fill me with your Holy Spirit in Jesus' name.
Amen.
If you prayed that for the first time, we believe you got born again.
Stay connected with a sea life church so you can grow in faith.
If you're here locally, come on out.
Be a part of a sea life church.
If you're not here locally, find a good church home that will help you grow in Christ and walk in that rest that I've been teaching about today.
And so thank you for being part of it.
We'll be here next week.
So join us next week.